---
layout: post
title: "Old Words"
summary: On August 19th, for some reason, I felt a little down. I opened my phone and flipped through it casually, and I accidentally saw some of the feelings I recorded in the "Parallel World" when I was in college, about a dozen articles. That was probably the longest thing I persisted after a certain age, but now I have stopped doing it. I selected 5 of my favorites from them, and I hope the words can help you get to know me.
date: "2020-08-19"
categories: "Life"
---

On August 19th, for some reason, I felt a little down. I opened my phone and flipped through it casually, and I accidentally saw some of the feelings I recorded in the "Parallel World" when I was in college, about a dozen articles. That was probably the longest thing I persisted after a certain age, but now I have stopped doing it. I selected 5 of my favorites from them, and I hope the words can help you get to know me.

### Poor

My eyesight is getting worse and worse.
From two meters away, it’s all burnt.
I just don’t like wearing glasses because I’m afraid that one day,
those two glass lenses
will steal all the light from my eyes.

### Mental night

Mental fatigue does not mean that sleepiness will come.
It makes me feel more at ease.

I listened to the song over and over again.
The nights became shorter and longer.
My mind was not flying around.
Why does the soul always rest so late?

### Late time

I watched a movie during dinner.
The plot was not new.
It was better than the beauty that everyone longed for in their hearts.
It overflowed.

I searched and listened to that pretty good movie interlude.
I wanted to say something.
I’m really used to having nothing to say.
I held up my phone and scrolled through the status.
The colorful desires were in full bloom.

The days always passed quickly.
When I raised my head,
the sky suddenly became dark.

The words I said seriously in my collection.
I’ve been lying down for almost three years.
And the people have already disappeared

### Addiction

Three months
When I calmed down
I wrote 16 articles in total
Maybe it is the most I have written after a certain age

Many things in this world are afraid of getting used to
Habits are like addictions
One day or a moment later
In your lost trance, you will find that although you have quit the addiction, the happiness you once had
seems to be engraved in your muscles and bones
You look up and struggle
Want to grasp the desire
The boiling blood is imprisoned by the cold bones
Back to the prison in your heart
Numbness

### Two weeks

It has been two weeks
I haven't remembered anything
Maybe more than two weeks

From that moment, the impulse in my heart
Falling back to where it should be
The temperature gradually disappears
Then in an extremely long psychological decision
I became a coward in my heart and ended all fantasies